Add KNX integration removal instructions (#36800)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/knx.markdown

Home Assistant will, by default, `close` a cover by moving it in the `DOWN` direction in the KNX nomenclature, and `open` a cover by moving it in the `UP` direction.
{% endnote %}

> To use your KNX covers in your installation, add the following lines to your top level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your KNX covers in your installation, add the following lines to your top level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:
```

- Percentage controlled: Fans that set the percentage directly from 0-100%.
- Step controlled: Fans which have a fixed amount of steps to set. The integration will convert percentage to step automatically. The `max_step` attribute is set to the number of steps of the fan, not counting the `off`-step. Example: A fan supports the steps 0 to 3. To use this fan the `max_step` attribute has to be set to `3`. The integration will convert the percentage `66 %` to the step `2` when sending data to KNX.

> To use your KNX fan in your installation, add the following lines to your top level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your KNX fan in your installation, add the following lines to your top-level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:
```

The KNX weather platform is used as an interface to KNX weather stations.

> To use your KNX weather station in your installation, add the following lines to your top level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your KNX weather station in your installation, add the following lines to your top-level [KNX Integration](/integrations/knx) configuration key in your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}:
```

- weather: `address_temperature`

There can not be multiple entities on the same platform sharing these exact group addresses, even if they differ in other configuration.

## Remove integration

This integration can be removed by following these steps:

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}

> Additionally you'll want to remove `knx:` from your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, remove `knx:` from your {% term "`configuration.yaml`" %}.
```

{% warning %}

> Removing the integration will delete an uploaded keyring file, ETS project information, telegram history and all entitiy configuration done via the UI panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing the integration will delete an uploaded keyring file, ETS project information, telegram history, and all entity configuration done via the UI panel.
```
